Highs and welcome to this new tutorial and this one after creating a dictionary that maps each of the
line with their ideas we're going to create a list of all the conversations.
So first we must wonder why do we need to do that.
Well we already have a list of the conversations but we have a lot of meta data and we want to only
keep what's interesting for us what we will use for the training and what will only use for the training.
Actually this part on the right that is the list of the conversations containing the lines IDs and therefore
what we're simply going to get in Statoil is saying a huge list containing all the conversations but
only keeping this part.
So we're going to get a list of all these lists here containing the lines IDs.
All right let's do this.
It's going to be quite the same as what we did before we first need to introduce a new list that we're
going to call conversations and to specify that we want to keep the IDs.
We're going to add here IDs so this will be our list.
And since this is a list we don't introduce it as brackets but as square brackets and then starts to
fold.
So for here then the Lavoy will and since we're going to iterate through the conversations of the conversations
dataset well let's call the loop variable conversation perfect in conver sessions.
But then just a little trick here.
The last row of the conversations data set is an empty row so we won't include it and therefore we'll
take the whole conversations dataset except the last one.
And to do this the trick is to do call in minus 1 because minus one is actually the last row of conversations
and by taking the calling here we take the range from the beginning to this last row.
But since the upper bound of a range and by end is excluded this will exclude the last row that is empty
row.
That's perfect.
And now we're ready to start the follow up.
All right so basically we just want to simplify the conversation in the conversations dataset.
So what we'll do first is as before introduce a temporary variable that will call underscore conversation
the underscores specifies that it is a temporary variable.
OK.
So this will be equal to the result of cleaning the conversation.
That is we only want to keep the last part.
And besides since we will want this last part to be a list and a huge list of lists each list being
a conversation giving the lines ideas well we will need to remove all the square brackets and all the
quotes and all the spaces and you will understand why.
OK so first let's get the last point.
So just to make sure we understand we first need to get this part here.
So how are we going to do that.
Well very simply what we need to do first is a split to split all the elements here.
Then once we make the split we will play with the index to get the last element after the split which
is this guy.
And then once we get this last Delmon that's where we will remove the square brackets by playing with
the indexes.
And then again we will remove all the quotes and all the spaces I guess.
Let's do this conversation.
Equals.
So as before we take our conversation which is our new Barbul but representing each of the different
conversations then we add to split.
And again we're going to split that by
space plus plus plus dollar plus plus plus space.
All right so with this we make the split but then we need to get the last element after the split which
is this one.
And so how are we going to get it.
Well we're simply going to take the last index of this list resulting after the split and the last index
we can get it with the trick minus 1.
So that's exactly what we're going to do now.
We're going to add here in square brackets minus 1 and that takes the last element.
So if I go back to it that takes exactly this including the square brackets.
But then remember we want to remove the square brackets because if we keep the square brackets well
in the end when we append this element to our huge conversations IDs list which will be in the end the
huge list of all the conversations given by the lines IDs.
Well you'll get a nasty result with many square brackets and many quotes.
So we want to remove this.
We need actually to only keep the line ID's without the quote and without the square brackets.
So first what we have to do is remove the square brackets and to do this.
Well that's very simple.
We need to take the range of all the characters here but without the first index because the first index
corresponds to this first square bracket and with the last index because the last index corresponds
to this last square bracket.
So let's do this.
I'm adding here this range that I just mentioned which will not include the first index there is the
index zeros who will start from index 1 and which will not include either the last index which is index
minus 1 and that's perfect because the upper bound in Python is excluded.
That doesn't take the first index zero and that doesn't take the left index minus one.
Great.
So by doing this we just removed the square brackets and now we have to remove the quote and then we
will remove eventually the spaces.
So let's first remove the quotes.
The trick to do that is to use the replace function and actually to replace the quote by nothing that
will just remove them.
So let's do it let's use the replace function which takes two argument the first argument is what we
want to play.
So we want to replace the quote the single quote but that we have to put in double quotes and the second
argument is what we want to replace this first argument by.
And that is nothing but we need to put the nothing in double quotes like that.
So we're replacing the single quote by nothing.
So we're removing it.
Perfect.
That removes the single quote but then remember we also want to remove the spaces and so we're going
to use the same trick.
Another replays and we're going to replace this time to space by again nothing.
And this will simplify everything.
We will get in the end.
Only the L 194 up to L 197 without any quotes and without any spaces and without any square brackets
just with the comma and we need to keep the comma because then we going to make another split to get
these elements.
L 194.
Up to L1 97.
And why do we want to get these ailments.
Because that's what we want to put in each of the final list of the huge list of the conversations.
All right you can the best way to be convinced about what we're doing is to try to do this without this.
This part actually no.
Without all these parts that is as what we did here try to execute that for loop when we finish it at
the end of this.
Without this part and you'll see that you'll get a nasty list with too many square brackets and too
many quotes and this will be out.
Not only this will be a but also this will be syntactically incorrect.
So that's why we are doing this right now.
And now the last thing that we need to do is just to append this cleaned temporary conversation to the
whole list the huge list of all the conversations.
So that's why right now I'm taking this huge list conversations underscore core ideas then that and
then I use the append function to append this clean conversation and therefore the append function I
just need to input underscore conversation and then as I just said we use the split to get what we're
interested in that is the lines IDs and to get them we just need to split this last element here.
That was clean without the square brackets and without the quotes and without the spaces by the commas.
So we'll only get this guy this guy this guy and this guy.
All right so let's split that by the comma.
All right so now let's look at the result of what we just did.
So I'm going to select these four lines of code here and execute perfect executed properly.
Now let's have a look at our conversations IDs list and this is exactly what we wanted.
We wanted a huge list of all the conversations given by only the lines IDs.
And so what I was telling you is try to get that huge list of conversations without what we did here
without taking the Rangers year and without the replace.
Well you will get a nasty and ugly huge list of conversations with many square brackets and too many
quotes and that will be ugly and not correct.
This is not what we want we want a simple huge list of lists each list containing the lines is perfect.
Now we're ready to move on to the next step and the next step will be very interesting because we're
going to get a lot closer to the final structure because that's where we'll start to sort the lines
into some questions which will be the input of the new network and the answers which will be the targets
of the new network.
So we're getting closer and closer to the new network.
But keep in mind that we are unfortunately still in the data processing phase.
So let's do that in the next tutorial.
And until then and and Penelope.